R-Squared

R-squared, also known as the coefficient of determination, is a statistical measure that represents the goodness of a fit of a regression model.
The value of r-square lies between 0 and 1. When r-squared equals to 1, the model perfectly fits the data and there is no
difference between the predicted value and the actual value. When r-squared equals to 0, the model does not predict any
variability in the model and it does not learn any relationships between the dependent and independent variables.
R-squared can be negative, this occurs when the line or curve does an awful job of fitting the data.

R-squared is calculated using the steps:
    1. Calculate the mean of the target / dependent variable.
    2. Calculate the total sum of the squares by subtracting each observation from the mean, squaring it, and summing these square differences
    across all values.
    3. Estimate the model parameter values using a suitable regression model, such as Linear Regression or SVM Regressor.
    4. Calculate the sum of squares due to regression. This is calculated by subtracting each predicted value from the mean, squaring the
    differences and then summing them all up.
    5. Calculate the sum of squares. It explains unaccounted variability in the dependent variable after predicting these values from an
    independent variable in the model.

Equations:
    Total Sum of Squares (TSS) = Σ (yi - ȳ)²
    Regression Sum of Squares (RSS) = Σ (ŷi - ȳ)²
    Residual Sum of Squares (ESS) = Σ (yi - ŷi)²

    R² = RSS / TSS = 1 - (ESS / TSS)

Where:
    - yi is the actual value
    - ŷi is the predicted value
    - ȳ is the mean of the actual values

Limitations:
    - The value of r-squared always increases or remains the same as new variables are added to the model, without detecting the
    significance of the newly added variable. As a result, non-significant attributes can also be added to the model with an
    increase in the r-square value.
    - This is beacause r-squared does not take into account the number of predictors in the model.